Rune shapes, inscriptions.
This is my life's work.
The more I studied,
the more I began to recognize
similar shapes in the stars in the sky
.
And so I dedicated myself to the
work of a
rune seeker.
As Farrow explains, runes are
powerful and ancient inscriptions
that can be set into objects
to give them more power.
During the league, you can choose from
a range of runes to craft items by carving symbols into relics,
thereby improving your items.
When you discover a relic,
it can
have between two and seven slots.
The more slots,
the more powerful the encounter,
but also the more options
you can choose from.
At the beginning of the game,
you can craft runes for
additional damage or
resistances,
which are available at a lower level
than you would normally
obtain,
which can be very useful.
But there are far more interesting
results.
There are 22 runes that
add or modify Rune Protection,
a new resource that
can protect you from death.
With these runes you can
add extra defense or transform your runic protection
into an offensive weapon through Kalguuric skills.
There are also 13 runes that
grant power to certain weapon types, such as
this one, which gives grenades a chance
to explode a second time.
Or this one, which grants you a new buff
called "Druid's Power"
when you severely stun your opponents.
In addition, there are
22 runes designed to
give you more power at lower levels,
such as this one, which grants you some
elemental resistances,
or this one, which
grants you a lot of willpower.
These runes are said to be powerful,
but their value decreases with increasing level.
They are useful for
quickly leveling up a second character.
We also have six runes
that can be used
to expand the pool of modifiers when crafting
at higher levels.
For example, you can encase "Katla's Darkness"
in gloves,
thus enabling the creation of some new
modifiers for "Decay"
that can be used for "Damage over Time" builds
.
Once you have framed one of these rune types
,
you can craft these modifiers using regular
Exalted Spheres or Chaos Spheres.
There are also several runes that
apply powerful, one-time effects to items,
but are permanently bound to the socket,
like this one, which allows an item to
receive an additional suffix.
Or this one, with which you can create a jewel setting
.
Or this series of runes
that can convert an elemental modifier from one
element to another.
There is even a rune that
can upgrade any other rune, allowing
you to upgrade it beyond the normal
maximum.
The last one I want to show you today
is "Aldur's Legacy".
A special rune that can be encased in a unique Kalguurian or
Ezomyte item to destroy it,
thereby creating a new rune that
inherits some of the unique item's properties.
For example, you can
apply this to "Trampelzeh" to
create a "Legacy: Trampelzeh" rune.
Put these into any boots and,
as with the original unique item,
you will deal 10% of the excess damage to all
enemies within a two-meter radius.
Or how about
"Legacy: Distorted Light Sky"?
Destroy a "Distorted Light Sky"
and you can add cold damage to a weapon
based on your maximum mana.
With "Aldur's Legacy" you can create
over 100 additional runes
with all sorts of unique
effects.
At this point you might be thinking:
"That's a lot of new runes."
And you are right.
The league isn't called
"Runes of Aldur" for nothing.
But we haven't forgotten the ancient runes either
.  We have improved
a significant number of these old runes
that were not in use,
making this crafting system much more useful.
Discover everything the new runes have to offer in the "Return of the Ancients" update,
which will be released on May 29th.  See you then
!